

Eurocode-calculator tutorial



1. Registration of the product

To register the product click on the "License" menu and click on the 
"Register" button. The register window will pop-up. Type in your
registration code and click on Register button. A pop-up window will
appear that will let you know weather the registration was successful.


2. Displaying equations

To display equation names in the left menu window, unfold the tree in
the menu window with clicking on the arrow |> beside the EC_1992 entry 
and then click on the arrow beside the "Chapter" entry. When you see the 
equation names (e.g. Eq_3.3) click on it to display the EC equation in 
the middle of the screen.

If an equation is missing in the list it is most likely encapsulated in 
an equation that has a number beside it.


3. Bookmarking equations

To bookmark an equation you need to click on it in the left menu tree
and then click the "Bookmark equation" button at the bottom left side 
of the main window. The equation gets added to the right-side bookmark 
tree window. To see the equation in the right bookmark window click on 
the arrow |> beside the EC_1992 entry to unfold the tree structure.

If clicking on a equation that alleary existi in the right-side bookmark 
tree window the equation gets duplicated and a suffix with a number gets
added to the equation name.

To delete and equation from the bookmark window, select the equation in
the bookmark tree window and click on the "Delete equation" button at 
the bottom right side of the main window. 

When closing the program the strucuture of bookmarks gets saved, so it
gets displayed next time the program is started.


4. Managing tabs

To create a new tab click on the "Create tab" button located at the 
bottom right side of the window. A new tab gets created on the right
side of the Bookmark tree window. You can open a maximum of 20 tabs.

To delete a tab click on the "x" icon, located at the bottom of a tab.
When more than 4 tabs are opened you can shift the tab bar by clicking
on the <|> arrows at the bottom of the tab bar.

When closing the program the strucuture of tabs gets saved, so it gets
displayed next time the program is started.


5. Managing calculator

To open a calculator simply select an equation from the menu or the
bookmark window and click on the "Open calculator" button. Input the
parameters into the calculator and click on the "Calculate" button to
calculate the equation. The result gets displayed at the bottom.

When clicking on the "Calculate button" the parameters get automaticaly
saved and are displayed after a program restart.


6. License menu

In the license menu you can open the license window where the licenses 
used for this software are displayed. You can also open the register
window, where you can input your license key and register the software.


7. Language menu

To change the language of the displayed equations click on the "Language
\ Sprache" menu button and chose your desired language.


8. Help menu

In the help menu you can open the FAQ, tutorial window or the startup
window, which is shown upon startup of the programm.


